Dear Friend , This letter was specially selected to 
be sent to you ! We will comply with all removal requests 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2716 ; Title 2 , Section 308 ! This is not a get 
rich scheme . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 69 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed 
people will do almost anything to avoid mailing their 
bills and most everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help 
YOU use credit cards on your website & turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS ! You can begin at absolutely no 
cost to you . But don't believe us . Mrs Simpson who 
resides in Florida tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" . We assure you that we operate 
within all applicable laws . Do not go to sleep without 
ordering . Sign up a friend and you get half off ! 
Thanks ! Dear Decision maker , Especially for you - 
this hot intelligence ! If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our club . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2116 ; Title 8 , Section 307 ! Do NOT confuse us with 
Internet scam artists ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich in 15 weeks . Have you ever 
noticed people love convenience plus nobody is getting 
any younger ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you increase customer response 
by 150% and deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us . Mr Ames who resides in Alabama tried 
us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich 
is better" . We assure you that we operate within all 
applicable laws ! You will blame yourself forever if 
you don't order now ! Sign up a friend and your friend 
will be rich too . Thanks ! Dear E-Commerce professional 
; We know you are interested in receiving cutting-edge 
intelligence ! If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our club ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1620 ; Title 4 , Section 308 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL 
MARKETING . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 99 weeks ! Have you ever noticed 
the baby boomers are more demanding than their parents 
plus society seems to be moving faster and faster . 
Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE 
will help YOU use credit cards on your website and 
increase customer response by 200% ! The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you . But don't believe us . Prof Ames of Wisconsin 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" ! We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . If not for you then for your 
loved ones - act now . Sign up a friend and you get 
half off ! Best regards ! Dear Salaryman ; We know 
you are interested in receiving breath-taking info 
. If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1625 ; Title 8 , Section 303 ! This 
is not a get rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 93 weeks . Have you 
ever noticed people love convenience and more people 
than ever are surfing the web . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . We will help you use credit 
cards on your website & turn your business into an 
E-BUSINESS ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to 
you ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Anderson who resides 
in Wyoming tried us and says "My only problem now is 
where to park all my cars" ! We are a BBB member in 
good standing ! DO NOT DELAY - order today . Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 50% . Thanks 
! Dear Professional , Especially for you - this amazing 
announcement ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1620 ; Title 5 , Section 
304 . This is not multi-level marketing . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
33 days . Have you ever noticed how many people you 
know are on the Internet and more people than ever 
are surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU sell more and process your 
orders within seconds ! You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk . But don't believe us 
! Mr Simpson who resides in Nevada tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" . We are licensed 
to operate in all states . If not for you then for 
your LOVED ONES - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 10% ! Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer . Dear Web surfer , Your 
email address has been submitted to us indicating your 
interest in our publication . If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our mailing list . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1624 ; Title 5 ; Section 302 ! This 
is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 24 days . Have you 
ever noticed society seems to be moving faster and 
faster & the baby boomers are more demanding than their 
parents ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . WE will help YOU increase customer response 
by 150% and use credit cards on your website ! You 
are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
. But don't believe us . Prof Simpson who resides in 
Nebraska tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" . We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws ! Do not go to sleep without ordering 
. Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
. Thanks . 